http://www.i-m-p.ru/privacy.html
Privacy Policy 

Our company (together IMP Studio or We) might collect information (Information) on the usage of the apps it produces (the Games). 

Our Privacy Policy explains: 

- What information we collect and why we collect it. 
- How we use that information. 

Information that we collect	

- Information that we get about you from other services Such as Google Analytics, Google Play, Google AdMob, Unity Ads, Unity Analytics, AdBuddiz, AppLovin and RevMob. 
This information includes:
- Device information - device-specific information such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
- Log information - this may include: internet protocol address, device event information, such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL, cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or yourAccount.
- Unique application numbers - certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number)
- Cookies and anonymous identifiers - we use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit our site, which may include one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers sent to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services that we offer to our partners, such as advertising services and others.

How we use information that we collect 

We use the information that we collect from all of our applications to improove our applications and make it better for you. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners, such as publishers, advertisers or connected apps. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. 

Advertising 

These services allow User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on our Games, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User's interests and behavior, including those detected outside our Games. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
Unity Ads (Unity Technologies Ltd).
AdBuddiz.
AppLovin.
RevMob.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data. 

Analytics 

The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of our Games, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.	
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.
Unity Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Unity Technologies. Unity Technologies utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of our Games, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Unity Technologies services. Unity Technologies may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.	
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.


Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. 
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. 
We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page.


IMP Studio, 20 June 2016
